Added support for Unix Domain Sockets in Pomerium Reverse Proxy (#7772)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/system-administration/reverse-proxy-configuration-with-jenkins/reverse-proxy-configuration-pomerium.adoc

- You can build a policy that only allows users to access Jenkins at certain times of day or days of the week, or limit access to certain devices
- You can import custom groups claims from your IdP and only allow access to members of the group

> == Configuring Pomerium with Unix Domain Sockets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configuring Pomerium with Unix domain sockets
```
Adjusting for sentence case.

Author: I’ll make sure to adjust the header

> Starting from Jenkins version  2.452.1 , Jenkins supports Unix domain sockets. This can be particularly useful for improving security and performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from Jenkins version 2.452.1, Jenkins supports Unix domain sockets.
This support is particularly useful for improving security and performance.
```
Formatting, punctuation, some wording suggestions.

Author: Thank you Sir for the suggestion. I will update the phrasing.

> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Prerequisites
```
Suggestion to use the same type of formatting as elsewhere on the page.

Author: I’ll update the header formatting for consistency with the rest of the document by changing it.

> Ensure that you have Pomerium installed and configured according to the [Pomerium documentation](https://www.pomerium.com/docs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you have Pomerium installed and configured according to the link:https://www.pomerium.com/docs[Pomerium documentation].
```
Adjusting to use the link macro and proper formatting.

> ### Configuration Steps
> 
> ## 1. Update Pomerium Configuration :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Configuration steps

==== Update you Pomerium configuration:
```
Adjust header formatting to match the rest of the page, remove number from step to match rest of the page formatting, ensure the step is a smaller heading size than the Configuration Steps header. Adjust to use sentence case for header.

If these are all steps to configure, they may not need their own headers. They can be listed under the configuration steps header with their respective order (1 -> 2 -> 3) or smaller headers if they have a bunch of information attached, but since steps 3 and 4 have only one sentence, using the steps as headers is unnecessary.

Author: Thanks for the feedback. I’ll update the headers to be smaller and ensure they are consistent with the rest of the page, combining some of the steps to make the flow more natural.

> Add and update the following to your Pomerium configuration to enable Unix domain sockets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update your Pomerium configuration to enable Unix domain sockets by adding the following content:
```
Suggestion to adjust the wording and grammar.

```yaml
authenticate_service_url: https://authenticate.localhost.pomerium.io/oauth2/callback

idp_provider: REPLACE_ME
idp_provider_url: REPLACE_ME
idp_client_id: REPLACE_ME
idp_client_secret: REPLACE_ME

signing_key: REPLACE_ME

routes:
  - from: https://verify.localhost.pomerium.io
    to: http://verify:8000
    pass_identity_headers: true
    allow_websockets: true
    policy:
      - allow:
          and:
            - email:
                is: user@example.com
  - from: https://jenkins.localhost.pomerium.io
    to: http://jenkins:8080
    host_rewrite_header: true
    pass_identity_headers: true
    policy:
      - allow:
          and:
            - domain:
                is: example.com
            - user:
                is: username
```

> ## 2. Configure Jenkins :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Configure Jenkins:
```
Adjusting formatting to be aligned with the rest of the page/site. Again, if these steps are all part of the Configuration Steps header, they do not need to be their own separate headings and could just be listed steps underneath "Configuration Steps".

> Ensure that Jenkins is configured to listen on the Unix domain socket. Update your Jenkins configuration as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that Jenkins is configured to listen on the Unix domain socket by updating your Jenkins configuration as follows:
```
Wording and sentence adjustment, full sentence per line formatting.

```yaml
networks:
  main: {}
services:
  pomerium:
    image: pomerium/pomerium:latest
    volumes:
      - ./config.yaml:/pomerium/config.yaml:ro
      - /var/run/jenkins.sock:/var/run/jenkins.sock
    ports:
      - 443:443
    networks:
      main:
        aliases:
          - authenticate.localhost.pomerium.io

  verify:
    networks:
      main: {}
    image: pomerium/verify:latest
    expose:
      - 8000

  jenkins:
    networks:
      main: {}

>     image: jenkins/jenkins:lts-jdk11

Reviewer: I would also be cautious to use lts-jdk11 as we do not support Java 11 any longer. If this documentation needs to be updated overall to use lts-jdk17 that can be a separate PR, but I would advise testing using a supported version.

    privileged: true
    user: root
    environment:
      JAVA_OPTS: "-Djenkins.httpListenAddress=unix:/var/run/jenkins/jenkins.socket"
      JENKINS_UNIX_DOMAIN_PATH: "/var/run/jenkins/jenkins.socket"
    volumes:
      - ./home/jenkins_compose/jenkins_configuration:/var/jenkins_home
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock
      - /var/run/jenkins:/var/run/jenkins
```

> ## 3. Restart Services :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Restart services:
```
Adjusting formatting and capitalization for sentence case.

This is very minimal content and would not need its own header section. This would fit better a listed step with the other steps underneath Configuration Steps.

Author: Thanks for pointing this out. I will remove the header for "Restart Services" and integrate it into the rest of the steps under "Configuration Steps."

Restart both Jenkins and Pomerium to apply the new configuration.

> ### Verification
> 
> After restarting the services, verify that Jenkins is accessible through the Unix domain socket by navigating to your Jenkins URL (e.g., `https://jenkins.example.com`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Verification

After restarting the services, verify that Jenkins is accessible through the Unix domain socket by navigating to your Jenkins URL.
```
Same suggestion for the header as above, I would format these into a list of steps instead of multiple headers, especially with the last two not having enough content to justify such formatting.

In terms of the last part,[ avoid using e.g. when possible](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/eg) and if possible, the URL should be something used within the examples like https://jenkins.localhost.pomerium.io or http://jenkins:8080 based on the context.

Author: Sure Sir!
